So right now in the application, we didn't have this case,
we only had the communication between a parent and a child
and we use props to get data from the parent to the child and a custom event to do the other way
around.
The thing about the callback I mentioned on the slides is another option we have though, here
I could also set resetName,
now I'm on the parent component
so add a new method here where I set this name equal to Max again,
so it's the same resetName method as in the child component
but now in the parent. I could now also pass another prop to my component and I'll do this here,
so I could pass a prop let's say reset function which is a pointer to the resetName function I just
created, this one here,
so now I'm passing this,
I therefore have to set up a new prop in my user detail and here, I would have the reset function which
is a function of type function here
and then I could simply duplicate the resetName button here
but in the second one, I'm not executing my own resetName function,
I'm instead executing the reset function which was passed down as a prop.
So that's just another setup to avoid working with a custom event which you don't have to, there's
nothing wrong with a custom event,
it's just an alternative using such a callback.
If I reload now, you will see this now will also reset it
but without using a custom event.
So that's one addition on how to communicate between parent and child,
you can do it with props and custom event or with props and passing a callback as a prop which actually
executes a method in the parent
but now by passing it as a prop makes it executable from the child.
This is an important thing to understand, how to work with that and how to well pass data from parent to
child.
But we haven't touched on the case if we want to get some data from one child to another child,
we'll have a look at this next.